g'day guys today I'm making one of my
favorite dishes of all time tempura
prawns and they're very easy so for
starters you will need 250 grams of
green uncooked prawns now I've removed
the shells i've deveined them but I've
left the tails intact so now for the
batter
take 1 cup of ice-cold water now it's
very important that it's ice-cold add in
one egg and give it a good mix together
now I'm adding half a cup of plain flour
and half a cup of corn flour now you can
use just 1 cup of plain flour here but
I'll find adding the corn flour adds an
extra crispiness and lightness to the
batter you can also add a pinch of
bicarb and now I'm just going to give
this a very gentle mix don't overwork it
and don't worry about removing the lumps
and here I've got some oil preheated to
160 degrees Celsius now just a quick
word on the oil guys it is very
dangerous and if you don't know how to
use it properly then grab someone who
does before trying this so now simply
hold the prawn by the tail and dip it
into that beautiful light tempura batter
and then gently place it in the oil and
repeat this for all of your prawns now
only cook them for a minute that's all
they need and then place them onto some
paper towel or a wire rack so the excess
oil can drain and this is what you get
guys absolutely beautiful and now I'm
going to quickly make up what has to be
one of the world's easiest dipping
sauces just take 4 parts of mirin and
one part soy sauce and give it a quick
mix
serve this alongside the prawns and
enjoy there you have a guy's absolutely
awesome be sure to give this one a go
they are brilliant thanks for watching
and I'll catch you all next time